PROFET Copyright 2015 (c) Data Mining and Machine Learning Group, 
National University of Ireland Galway. 

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. 

You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may 
obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable 
law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is 
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 
KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific 
language governing permissions and limitations under the License. 

All source code in this project is written by Hamda binte Ajmal and 
Catherine Enright, except the following components: 
• PROFET contains modified version of DragMath as its Equation Editor tool. 
• PROFET contains code derived in part from the AIMA code repository. 
• JMathPlot 
• ABCL 

The copyright information of the above components is given below: 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
DRAGMATH http://www.dragmath.bham.ac.uk/ 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
DragMath is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it 
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the 
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or(at your 
option) any later version. DragMath is distributed in the hope that it 
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied 
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the 
GNU General Public License for more details. 

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along 
with DragMath. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
AIMA 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 AIMA is an open source software. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
JMathPlot "https://sites.google.com/site/mulabsltd/products/jmathplot" 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in 
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of 
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of the 
µ-Labs nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or 
promote products derived from this software without specific prior 
written permission. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
ABCL https://common-lisp.net/project/armedbear/ 
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Armed Bear Common Lisp is distributed under the GNU General Public 
License with classpath exception (described below). 

A copy of GNU General Public License (GPL) is included in this 
distribution, in the file COPYING. 

Linking this software statically or dynamically with other modules is 
making a combined work based on this software. Thus, the terms and 
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole 
combination. As a special exception, the copyright holders of this 
software give you permission to link this software with independent 
modules to produce an executable, regardless of the license terms of 
these independent modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting 
executable under terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for 
each linked independent module, the terms and conditions of the license 
of that module. An independent module is a module which is not derived 
from or based on this software. If you modify this software, you may 
extend this exception to your version of the software, but you are not 
obligated to do so. If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception 
statement from your version. 


