# PROFET
PROFET is an open source GUI software application that automatically builds Dynamic Bayesian Networks (DBN) from Ordinary Differential Equations (ODEs) entered by the user. The DBN framework generated by PROFET handles both data and model uncertainty in a principled manner. It can be used for temporal data mining with noisy and missing data. It can be used to re-estimate model parameters automatically using data streams. For temporal inference PROFET includes both standard fixed time step Particle Filtering and Adaptive-time Particle Filtering.

PROFET is maintained by the Machine Learning and Data Mining Group at National University of Ireland, Galway.
Recommended Reading
C. G. Enright, M. G. Madden, N. Madden, Bayesian Networks for Mathematical Models: Techniques for Automatic Construction and Efficient Inference , International Journal of Approximate Reasoning 54, no. 2 (2013): 323-42.
C. G. Enright, M. G. Madden, N. Madden, J. G. Laffey, Clinical Time Series Data Analysis using Mathematical Models and DBNs., M. Peleg, N. Lavrac, C. Combi (Eds.), Artificial Intelligence in Medicine in Europe, Vol. 6747 of Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer, 2011, pp. 159–168.
C. G. Enright, M. G. Madden, S. Russell, N. Aleks, G. Manley, J. Laffey, B. Harte, A. Mulvey, N. Madden, Modelling Glycaemia in ICU patients: A Dynamic Bayesian Network Approach, Proceedings of BIOSIGNALS-2010, Part of the 3rd International Joint Conference on Biomedical Engineering Systems and Technologies, Valencia, 2010.
S. Russell and P. Norvig, Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition), 3rd ed. Prentice Hall, 2009.
**How to cite us**
If you find PROFET useful, please cite our publication:
Hamda B. Ajmal, Michael G. Madden and Catherine G. Enright, _PROFET: Construction and Inference of DBNs Based on Mathematical Models_, in 14th UAI Bayesian Modelling Applications Workshop (BMAW 2017), co-located with the 33rd Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence (UAI), 2017.


**Acknowledgements**
We would like to thank the developers of the following software components used in PROFET:
The underlying algorithms for DBN structure construction and inference are derived in part from the AIMA codebase which is developed by Prof. Stuart Russell and his research group at the University of California, Berkeley.
PROFET uses a modified version of DragMath as its equation editor tool, with permission from its authors.
PROFET uses JMathPlot Java library to display the inferred data in the form of graphs.
PROFET uses ABCL for Java to Lisp integration.

**License**
PROFET is licensed under Apache License 2.0.

**Contact Us**
Michael Madden	michael.madden@nuigalway.ie
Hamda bint e Ajmal	h.ajmal1@nuigalway.ie



[Click here to open the website](http://profet.it.nuigalway.ie)

[Click here to open the User Documentation](https://github.com/HamdaBinteAjmal/PROFET/wiki)
